He did not serve that kind of police due to the administrative difficulties on the company
of the next day.
The General Police is keeping his hands open.
He is looking for his phone.
On the next day, January 11, I'll ask you
to see if you can find anything you need to call for Mr. Colme.
Lieutenant Blombs received the call from Mr. Colme
on the afternoon of the night.
That was Saturday and he told me about it on the 11th.
And that afternoon, Mr. Colme was very much upset.
He was very excited and he was disturbed and disappointed.
And he said, my aid reported to me that he said there were some people at Fort Dix
who were very cooperative.
But Colonel Ringler and Lieutenant Miller had been doing everything they could to
make it difficult for Private Sean.
And that he was not going to forget their names.
That's a statement from Lieutenant Blombs.
Please be seated.
Lieutenant Blombs reported that to me on the 1-day day 11.
Mr. Colme, please be seated.
Lieutenant Blombs reported that to me that he will not be able to conclude his questions in the next few minutes.
So, the sheriff likes to make two requests of Mr. Welch
and then suggest to meet those since the time it comes tomorrow.
First request of Mr. Welch.
So, you try to have delivery to my office by hand to my morning in Fort Dix.
I will invite him, I'll enter on the telephone, so I will.
And secondly, will you convey to Mr. Stevens the request of the committee
that he is advised off when he is ready to come in to testify
as if one person already agreed to provide so that we can try to get that one bit of testimony out of the way.
Thank you.
I think you will find that that has been dealt with with Mr. Jason.
Okay, yeah.
We test the gunner file.
We have Dr. Jammin Munn announced that the next session of the hearing will be at 10 a.m. tomorrow morning.